# Thesis-project-repository

Thesis/project Repository and Approval Routing app, a web-based app for graduate students (and students in this class!) to upload and formally submit their work and get approval for various processes. This is to allow the student depositors to easily document their work and to give them a permanent place to store and showcase their theses/projects. Also, the consumers (administrators, other students, etc.) can easily search for theses/projects of interests (via names, keywords, dates, etc.) and immediately "run" a deployed app (if applicable). Lastly, for ease of getting approval, this app allows one to electronically obtain approval for thesis/project committee formation, for scheduling of final presentation, and for final submission of work. 

The app targets IT students (and students from other departments in the future?) who are looking for an effective way to submit their work to a central repository and get approval for various processes. It also targets administrators, other students, and general public who are looking for student work submitted to the repository. The state of the current process is still an antiquated one--students fill out physical paper copy, submit disk or zip files, etc. Imagine how a more automated landscape where everything is done via this thesis/project repository and approval routing app. There is no paper copy needed and no email submission of any files. Now, interested parties can easily search for student work of interest, "run" completed projects, etc. Administrators can also generate reports, research search trends, etc.  
